# Identify tools that will allow you to do the following:

## Scan infrastructure as code templates

- **Regula** is a tool that evaluates CloudFormation and Terraform infrastructure-as-code for potential AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud security and compliance violations prior to deployment.
- **CFRipper** is a Library and CLI security analyzer for AWS CloudFormation templates.

### Example vulnerability

A static code analysis is performed to check for misconfigurations, vulnerabilities or violation of Least Priviliged Principal in the IaC templates.

Examples of Regula rules:

- EBS volume encryption should be enabled
- CloudFront viewer protocol policy should be set to https-only or redirect-to-https
- S3 bucket server side encryption should be enabled
- VPC security group rules should not permit ingress from '0.0.0.0/0' except to ports 80 and 443
- VPC security group rules should not permit ingress from '0.0.0.0/0' to port 22 (SSH)
- KMS CMK rotation should be enabled

Examples of cfripper rules:

- Checks that any AWS::CloudFormation::Authentication resource does not contain plain text credentials
- Checks that Security Groups are defined with an egress policy, even if this is still allowing all outbound traffic
- Checks for any wildcard principals defined in any statements
- Checks for use of the wildcard \* character in the Actions of Policy Documents of S3 Bucket Policies

## Scan AMI’s or containers for OS vulnerabilities

- **Anchore Engine** is an open source software system that provides a centralized service for analyzing container images, scanning for security vulnerabilities, and enforcing deployment policies.
- **Clair** is an API-driven analysis engine that inspects containers layer-by-layer for known security flaws.

### Example vulnerability

- Checks for outdated OS version
- Checks for unapproved CVE vulnerabilities
- Checks for Malware in the image

## Scan an AWS environment for cloud configuration vulnerabilities

- **AWS Inspector** is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS.
- **AWS Config** is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources.
- **AWS Security Hub** gives a comprehensive view of security alerts and security posture across AWS accounts.

### Example vulnerability

In general, these kind of checks are performed:

- Checks that IAM policies follow the least privilege principle
- Checks whether Security Groups with 0.0.0.0/0 allow only specific inbound TCP or UDP traffic.
- Check whether the MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) is enabled for root account

Examples of AWS Inspector rules:

- Checks whether the ports are reachable from the internet through an internet gateway (including instances behind Application Load Balancers or Classic Load Balancers),
  a VPC peering connection, or a VPN through a virtual gateway.
  These findings also highlight network configurations that allow for potentially malicious access, such as mismanaged security groups, ACLs, IGWs, and so on.
- Checks whether the EC2 instances in the assessment targets are exposed to common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVEs).
  Attacks can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities to compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of your service or data.
  The CVE system provides a reference method for publicly known information security vulnerabilities and exposures.

Examples of AWS Config rules (triggers the evaluation when any resource that matches the rule's scope changes in configuration):

- Checks that the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes are encrypted
- Checks whether the AWS Identity and Access Management users have multi-factor authentication (MFA) enabled
- Checks whether Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances have a public IP association
- Checks that the Amazon S3 buckets do not allow public read/write access
