Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.

Bonus - provide recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities.

# Problems

- **CIS.4.1** Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22
- **CIS.4.2** Ensure no security groups allow ingress from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 3389
- **UDP port 20** which is associated with 'FTP' is reachable from the internet
- **UDP port 21** which is associated with 'FTP' is reachable from the internet
- **securityhub-restricted-ssh-83ba0a09** EBS volumes are not encrypted
- **securityhub-encrypted-volumes-858a5867** EC2 volumes are not encrypted
- **securityhub-s3-bucket-server-side-encryption-enabled-83659a36** S3 buckets are not encrypted

# Recommended Solutions

- Restrict the IP range that can access the application server on port 22.
- Restrict the IP range that can access the application server on port 3389.
- Security group contains the inbound rule, that allows all trafiic on all port range. That rule should be removed from security group and only needed ports should be opened in the inbound rules of security group.
- Security group contains the inbound rule, that allows all trafiic on all port range. That rule should be removed from security group and only needed ports should be opened in the inbound rules of security group.
- Enable encryption for the EBS volumes
- Enable encryption for the EC2 volumes
- Enable encryption for the S3 buckets
